Hello guys
It's me
Biodepay
Welcome to Friday with ..
A moment of calm
* The word you are looking for is "Biodebe" *
* It's okay, we all have this moment *
Last week, Bruce asked you to provide the best miodes of your biodebe, if you know you are Bruce right
Its probably going to be pretty shit, cringy, and unfony, just like me! let's watch!
And Tvrvz Bdouan laugh
Also, new competition down in the description, check it out
Uh
About the time of the fucchop
Earth content and wonderful ideas
Shut up
Earth less than 10:02
How Do You Know Autism Signs
Sounds like a very useful video too I would love to watch this
Buy the spunner, because you are testing yourself today
How to respect women
Today I am with cereal
I am beautiful
Yes, this is exactly what I really respect
I want someone who looks at me the same way that Biody Bay looks to Conan
LOL
He is a beautiful man, he is really tall
This is very cool
Yaa
Where is the night?
Ahlawa drama, Yoo Mnjdk
Every day Brother and Disney are famous
5 million by 6 months
Has become
What do you think ?? We found it
More permissive
Ooh see qut
Englad is my city
Oh no
The Underdevelopment (Englad Mu City)
Englad is my city, but its a mecca, but it has a place in my heart for ever
Also nick if he calls me any time at night
For a little bit of my potty potty
You know what you call me * Pose *
I chose myself
I remember the twitter tweets for Miley Cyrus
(Is Miley stole my clothes) Jtha thirty thousand re-Twitter
But Mardt):
Wonderful, oh Mim old but I appreciate it because BJ woman
Normal it's only Hand Shik (means the day of receipt on one of two dimensions Madri and become the answer of the Eid instead of Mtselm it)
LOL
I like how I looked at my hand after the embarrassment
Oh, the hand of a stupid how the holiday
هههههههههههههههههههههههههههههه
It is impossible to forget the situation
My heart is broken, all that is safe, my hand begins to tremble
I just play games, smoke, drink whiskey, smoke
Marzia: Oh that's good to know
And the Rikshon received the Christ
My name is Jeff
Land Challenge Try not ....
God's curse
The land is empty of the Meimz, a cashew child
Update
Yue to curse him back before
I said come back before
Do you live ??
This is my favorite for a long time
Maa Neem Iz Geiev
WL
Uh and Iqafi
Uh i like it;)
Bravoo
Excellent green screen
Giving her a second chance is my future wife
Know u and say love is blind
I bet you wish you would be wonderful
Whores
Uh, he hates
I'm your brother
Hold it with my Mikheti Hehehehei
Liya Tsui so I love you
You are an hystere
Idolley liar
In the one-legged mariah changes (grip brothers)
(Grip sisters)
I'm sorry you really appreciate how my mental progress is
To think about respecting women
I am sorry because I respect women
I'm sorry
Top 10 cars
I need a second car (the car is ruined) The battery is ruined I need a new battery
I started from the bottom
The earth respects women
Aye
I am impossible to respect the matter if my life depended on it
Chili completes Shui Tired
If you're hanging out, kiss your hobby
Get ready to die
I returned with complete
What do I say?
Normal content is settled
Let your fans adjust you content
You know this to be a better reality than you can easily do
This is amazing
Salvation of the Bodice
Before and after the boycott of YouTube
Before the province_ after the province
very precise
See how hilarious you are
See how different days were
(Sadnes)
They took Shi Makant I know they took him
Content is my right
Taha
This is supposed to be funny
Mawandh ideas of video _ Ask the second people about the ideas of video
Ask BINQ.com
For a video idea
Tsui second channel requests video ideas
Ask Jaksabtekai to guard your channel and you are going to Japan and you want to ask for video ideas
I wanted Jacbasticai to take my channel for a day
Damn how did I know?
I am the driver
I am in the market of a bus driver (conductor) took 5 stars
I am trying to find natural content
Why do not they become haughty?
You are the girl who told you not to worry about her
The patiria
I'm Sweet 10 clips you're laughing you're losing
Oh, I'm sorry
But if I settled 10 clips you laugh you lose
Ooh is a ma'ath of ideas
Oahu is a miso sweet content
Know wosh? YouTube
It is so
Why people ask how to take millions and billions
Leave part of it
We have 55 million SPCs now
I'm your brother